The vision and mission, which is the foundation of the study programme as an organisation, are made comprehensive, where education, research, and partnership aspects are all covered. Meanwhile, study programmes' objectives and learning outcomes are designed concerning the graduate profile and focused on the educational aspect. In addition to vision and mission, the study programmes' objective and learning outcomes consider the Indonesia Qualification Framework (IQF) or Kerangka Kualifikasi Nasional Indonesia (KKNI). The EE, IS, and IF are undergraduate programmes; and, therefore, at level 6 of the IQF. The qualifications at level 6 as per Presidential Decree No. 8 of 2012 are as follows:
    IQF1: Able to apply their expertise and use science, technology and/or the art of problem-solving in the field and adapt to situations at hand.
    IQF2: Master theoretical concepts in general knowledge and theoretical concepts in a specialised field in-depth as well as able to formulate procedural problem-solving
    IQF3: Able to make appropriate decisions based on the analysis of information and data and provide guidance in selecting various alternative solutions independently and in a group.
    IQF4: Have responsibility for his/her accountable work and can be trusted with responsibility regarding the work achievements of the organisation.
Following the Rector Regulation of ITK No. 10 of 2019 about the Guide to Curriculum Development, objectives and learning outcomes of the EE, IS, and IF are meant to produce graduates as mentioned in the vision and mission of ITK and the standard of qualifications of IQF level 6. ITK aims to produce excellent, qualified, and virtuous graduates in its vision and mission. More specifically, the IQF states that at the level 6 qualification, graduates must have the ability to solve problems in the field, work independently and in a team, and have responsibility for their work. Regarding those abilities, the Programme Educational Objectives (PEO) of the EE, IS, and IF are formulated as
    1) Produce graduates who can demonstrate leadership by the ability to communicate and collaborate in teamwork and solve problems independently, facing multidimensional and global challenges.
    2) Produce graduates who have a professional attitude in their career and life-long learning behaviour by pursuing higher educational degrees and self-development activities.
    3) Produce graduates who can apply knowledge and skills to solve problems in the field of electrical engineering and provide solutions using analysis and judgements based on scientific reasonings, engineering tools, and data.
    4) Produce graduates who can design and develop systems or innovative products for sustainable applications involving technical and non-technical considerations.